docs: add funds included, note to missleading error message (#193)
fetchai/fetchd: docs/docs/cli-multisig.md

# Create the multisig key from keys above
fetchd keys add business_key --multisig fred,ted,ned --multisig-threshold 2
```
You will need the address of the business_key later in the example. Here just a reminder how to get it:

```
fetchd keys show -a business_key
```
## Signing and broadcasting multisig transactions
Transactions must be signed and broadcast before they are carried out.

In order to sign a multisig transaction, the transaction itself must not be immediately broadcast; but instead, the keyholders must each sign until a minimum threshold K signatures are present.

> *For this example we will be performing the transaction on the [Stargate](https://explore-stargateworld.fetch.ai/) network and therefore will be using `atestfet` as the denomination - this should be changed to the currency used network*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For this example we will be performing the transaction on the [Stargate](https://explore-stargateworld.fetch.ai/) network and therefore will be using `atestfet` as the denomination (this should be changed depending on the actual currency and network used.*
```
